# Advanced Java Lab
A collection of Advanced Java Laboratory Programs (ISL48, RITB ISE 2022) 

Sure, here are the details from the images in markdown format:

---

**1. Write a Program that simulates a telephone that records missed incoming calls. For each missed call, store the time of call, telephone number of origin, and name of the caller if the name is available. For unlisted numbers, set the name to “private caller”. Choose or extend the most appropriate collection class and provide the following features.**

    a. Numbers are recalled in the order they arrive
    
    b. Up to 10 numbers are recorded. When the eleventh call comes in, it is stored and the oldest call is deleted so that no more than 10 numbers are ever recorded.
    
    c. After each number display, the user can select:
    
        i. To delete the call
        
        ii. To display the call details (number, caller name and time). Delete the number if user specifies a number to delete.
        
    Write a helper class to represent an incoming call with fields to hold the number, name of the caller, and time of the call. Write a tester call that stores the several numbers, simulate the user pressing the missed-calls button, and finally prints the entire collection of stored calls.

---

**2. Write a Java program using user-defined storage classes to create a book database and store it in a Collection List.**

    a. Books collection should include title, author, publisher and price.
    
    b. Write a method to sort the books in ascending order of price and store it in another List. Maintain the book details with respect to a unique book id.
    
    c. Prompt for an author name and list all the books with the same author name. Create a new list holding all the book details with price greater than a user specified price.

---

**3. Create a desktop java application using swings to enable an user to enter student information such as name, usn, age, address, sgpa of 4 semesters, category.**

    a. Perform validations on all the fields. Display appropriate messages in pop up boxes to indicate wrong entries.
    
    b. On clicking of the “compute” button, find the cgpa. On clicking of the “done” button, mouse place the student details in a collection.
    
    c. Display the collection in a textarea on the click of a button.

---

**4. Write a java program using Servlet to validate user login information using dialog boxes.**

    a. Once validated, allow the user to enter the customer id, if the person is a new customer, else check whether the customer exists in a collection and obtain the customer id.
    
    b. The customer id can be obtained given a mobile number. Allow the user to enter the item purchased by giving the item id and quantity purchased.
    
    c. On clicking of a button, the item name and the total cost should appear in the corresponding GUI components.
    
    d. Using option dialog box, indicate the types of discount available for the customer. On clicking on the print button, print the details in information dialog box.

---

**5. Write a program that uses Java Swing and JDBC to create a stand-alone application:**

    a. Create two tables namely, Representative (RepNo, RepName, State, Comission, Rate) and Customer (CustNo, CustName, State, Credit_Limit, RepNo) in MySQL database. Use appropriate Swing components to insert values in a form.
    
    b. Use another form to display Representative’s information when Credit_Limit is above 15,000.

---

**6. Write a JSP and Servlet Program to do the following to buy a T-Shirt online:**

    a. A set of checkboxes to select your T-Shirt accessories such as ‘belt’, ‘cap’, ‘hair-band’ etc.
    
    b. A text area / text field to enter your T-Shirt tag-line, A Radio-button that allows the user to choose between T-Shirt with chest pocket and without. A Combo Box to choose your T-Shirt color, A Button called “Click Me”
    
    c. Insert the details entered into a table called ‘TShirts’. An Order No is generated by adding ‘1’ to the existing ‘OrderNo’
    
    d. If ‘TShirts’ table is empty the initial value of ‘OrderNo’ is 100.
    
    f. This ‘OrderNo’ is also inserted into the ‘TShirts’ table
    
    g. Display all the records of the ‘TShirts’ table in tabular form
    
    PS: Frontend display should be in JSP and the business logic should be written in Servlet Class.

---

**7. Write program to demonstrate the working of String methods for:**

    a. To determine frequency of substrings in a string
    
    b. Hangman game (guess all letters in a word)
    
    c. To check for anagrams (two strings having same characters)

---

**8. Write a program to create generic Stack class with push(), pop(), clear(), isEmpty() and display() methods. Demonstrate creating Stack of String and Integer objects.**

---